REST
Java
Amazon Web Service (AWS)
AWS Lambda
AWS SQS
Docker
Cassandra
Apache Kafka
Git
JIRA


REST:
Representational State Transfer
 Restful Applications are Stateless.
 We don't have to reserve server memory to store anything. The client execute actions to be made by the server trough the rest calls.
 Client - Server
 Resources
 GET - POST - OUT


Java Basic
Static variables changes for all the objects of the class. They are specified in the class loader.
Use an object to access a static variable is not needed, you can use just the class name to access static attributes.

What Are the Functions of JVM and JRE?
JVM provides a runtime environment for Java Byte Codes to be executed. JRE includes sets of files required by JVM during runtime.

What Is the Difference Between Overloading and Overriding?
When there are two methods of the same name but different properties, it is overloading.
Overriding occurs when there are two methods of the same name and properties, one is in the child class and the other is in the parent class

What Is a Package?
A package is a collection of related classes and interfaces.

What Is the Difference Between equals() and = =  ?
 Equals() method is used for checking the equality of two objects defined by business logic.
 == or the equality operator is used to compare primitives and objects.

What is the difference between Local variables and Instance variables?
 Ans: Local variables are defined in the method and scope of the variables that have existed inside the method itself.
 An instance variable is defined inside the class and outside the method and scope of the variables exist throughout the class.

What is a interface and how it works?
An interface is a template which has only method declarations and not the method implementation.

What is an abstract class and how it works?
An abstract class contains methods declaration but not the implementation.
The sub-classes extending from an Abstract class must implement all the abstract methods.

Parameters vs Arguments:
The Argument is the value of a Parameter. We call parameter to the variable that will hold the value (Argument) in a Function or Method.


Strings in Java:
Strings are Immutable in java. They never change when we use a String functions.
String functions return a new string with the new value instead of change the original one.

Constants:
Use final to declare constants in java. They are variables that never change.


1:30:50 -> Reading Input


Java Interview:
How would you define what a Java Class is? What is a Java Class?
What is the difference between static and dynamic attributes in a class?
What Is the Difference Between Overloading and Overriding?
What is a Constructor and how it works?
What is the difference between Local variables and Instance variables?
What is an interface and how it works?
What is an abstract class and how it works?

Java Class template



Topic Level Scoring:
1.0  Deployment: 25%
2.0  Security: 75%
3.0  Development with AWS Services: 85%
4.0  Refactoring: 100%
5.0  Monitor and Troubleshooting: 0%
